The tastiest high protein
honey barbecue chicken and creamy garlic Parmesan potatoes.
Only 580 calories, packed with so much flavour.
So easy and perfect meal prep for the week.
Slice your chicken breast into cubes.
Season with garlic powder,
smoked paprika, cumin, salt,
black pepper and olive oil.
If the colour doesn't change,
it's not well seasoned. Next,
slice your potatoes into small cubes just like this.
Season them with salt, Italian herbs,
smoked paprika, garlic and onion powder,
grated Parmesan and optional olive oil.
Give them a good mix.
Then oven bake or air Fry for 20 minutes till beautifully golden.
Now cook your chicken in light butter for 5 minutes per side
till golden and crispy. Lower the heat,
add a drizzle of honey barbecue sauce and fresh parsley.
Give it a good mix till juicy and delicious.
Then set the chicken aside.
Add blended cottage cheese and milk with Italian herbs,
garlic powder and Parmesan.
Stir till smooth. Then drop your crispy potatoes.
Mix till fully coated and indulgent.
Finally serve with the honey barbecue chicken and your delicious
high protein meals are ready to enjoy.